fine
you enjoy that now you see I'm what they
call a preciate ER of shine ladies you
know what I mean like a fine wine I
switch them in my mouth from that our
scoot them out you gotta have a mark you
know what I'm talking about be like yeah
it's nice Oh baby then how to say that
this Boris is influenced King Boris yeah
Boris damn man that cat knows how to Bob
yeah that's bad baby that's fine oh baby
you is looking understand even show me
someone style I got today and I'm saying
huh he's all about what you say respect
it was all about today back yes right Oh
baby look at this now he is looking fine
oh damn baby that is what separates us
from the animals you know what I mean
from the Beast it's all about respect
yeah I can see that damn Oh baby look at
you you're looking for maybe you know I
mean bush he's all about he's all about
style I know what I mean cuz he the man
he's all about class you know what I
mean he got style he got class he got
grace baby damn look and you are looking
fuck hey oh but I'll tell you one thing
right now this Boris is a hard man to
pin down you know I'm saying he's a
little out there are you ain't black
down baby ladies guy know what I'm
talking about I've been reading you like
a duty paperback novel hey okay whatever
are you selling any way
I'll slow down there slim all right I'm
not all about that let me get a lad I'm
Boris for you though last I heard he was
hanging with this fine piece wound up
I'm saying she'll go but now raise
bowling alley oh sure Gus where's the
party at